Uncle Zhou
Oh, dear.
Di, what are you doing here?
Di
Mom didn't tell you
Don't get too close to strangers?
But he is Uncle Zhou
They're not strangers.
You can only introduce the management to the child.
Uncle Xiao Di Zhou will take you to dinner, okay?
Let's go
Brother, eat a piece of meat to grow your body
Is it delicious?
Yeah, it's delicious.
Hello qin
Why are you here?
This kid, yeah?
My friend's child
My wife asked me to take a look
Why did you come to the hospital?
I'm here to get my dad a set of tea bag cream
Uncle, I'm thirsty
I'll get you some water.
Here, try this
This is delicious
You eat more
Auntie can't eat carrots
I am allergic to it
allergy
Huaijing is also allergic to carrots
I'm sorry, Auntie doesn't know.
Xiaoli
Here comes the water, Uncle Du
Let's go back.
Otherwise, my mother should be in a hurry. Okay.
Then I'll take her back. Hmm.
Give it to me.
Is he Huaijin's child?
We'll find out soon enough.